GOPIVOTAL, INC.
BETA LICENSE AGREEMENT

Note: BY CLICKING "I AGREE," ACCESSING, DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, UPLOADING, 
COPYING OR USING THE BETA SOFTWARE, YOU CONCLUDE AND AGREE TO THIS BETA 
LICENSE AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT") IN A LEGALLY BINDING MANNER WITH GOPIVOTAL, 
INC., 1900 S. NORFOLK STREET #125, SAN MATEO, CA 94403, USA ("Pivotal"). IF 
YOU HAVE SPECIFIED IN CONNECTION WITH THE REGISTRATION PROCESS FOR THIS 
SOFTWARE BETA TEST PROGRAM THAT YOU ARE ACTING ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY OR 
OTHER ORGANIZATION, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE AUTHORIZED TO LEGALLY BIND 
SUCH ORGANIZATION AND THAT YOU CONCLUDE THE AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF SUCH 
ORGANIZATION. IN THE FOLLOWING, THE TERMS "YOU" AND "LICENSEE" SHALL REFER, 
JOINTLY AND SEVERALLY, TO YOU INDIVIDUALLY AND ANY ORGANIZATION ON WHOSE 
BEHALF YOU ACT.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS BETA LICENSE AGREEMENT, THEN DO 
*NOT* CLICK "I AGREE," ACCESS, DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, UPLOAD, COPY OR USE THE 
BETA SOFTWARE.

1.  DEFINITIONS.
(a)  "Beta Software" shall mean the beta version of Pivotal's software and 
the media and Documentation provided by Pivotal to Licensee and for which 
Licensee is granted a use license pursuant to this Agreement.  The Beta 
Software will be provided in object form only.
(b)  "Documentation" shall mean the printed or online written reference 
material furnished to Licensee in conjunction with the Beta Software, 
including, without limitation, instructions, beta testing guidelines, and end 
user guides.
(c)  "Intellectual Property Rights" shall mean all intellectual property 
rights, including, without limitation, patent, copyright, trademark, and 
trade secret, recognized in any jurisdiction worldwide, whether perfected or 
not, and any similar and other proprietary rights.
(d)  "Free/Open Source Software" means various software components that may 
be part of the Beta Software, each licensed to you under its own applicable 
license terms and conditions, which can be found in the foss_licenses.txt (or 
similar) file provided along with the Beta Software.
(e)  "Updates" shall mean a modification, error correction, bug fix, new 
release, or other update to or for the Beta Software.

2.  LICENSE GRANT, USE AND OWNERSHIP
(a) Limited License.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, 
Pivotal grants to Licensee a non-exclusive, revocable (at any time and for 
any reason, at Pivotal's sole discretion), royalty-free, non-transferable, 
non-assignable license (without the right to sublicense):

(i) to use the Beta Software in accordance with the Documentation solely for 
purposes of (A) internal testing and evaluation to determine whether or not 
to license generally available commercial versions of the Beta Software if 
such versions ever become available, and (B) internal development to create 
interoperability between the Beta Software and Licensee products, 

(ii) to use the Documentation provided with the Beta Software in support of 
Licensee's authorized use of the Beta Software, and

(iii) to copy Beta Software for Licensee's archival or backup purposes, 
provided that all titles and trademarks, copyright, and restricted rights 
notices are reproduced on such copies.
       
(b) Evaluation Feedback. The purpose of this limited license is the testing 
and evaluation of the Beta Software and Documentation and development by 
Licensee of Licensee products that interoperate with the Beta Software.  In 
furtherance of this purpose, Licensee shall provide feedback to Pivotal 
concerning the functionality and performance of the Beta Software from time 
to time as reasonably requested by Pivotal, including, without limitation, 
identifying potential errors and improvements (collectively the "Feedback").  
Licensee will provide Feedback in a manner that is mutually agreeable to the 
parties.  Pivotal may use Feedback, without restriction in any manner now 
known or in the future conceived, to improve or enhance its products and, 
accordingly, and you hereby grant to Pivotal a non-exclusive, perpetual, 
irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable, worldwide right and license, with 
the right to sublicense (i) to use, reproduce, disclose, distribute, modify, 
prepare derivative works of and otherwise exploit the Feedback and other 
information you provide to Pivotal under this Agreement, and (ii) to make, 
use, sell, offer to sell, import and export any product or service that 
incorporates the Feedback and other information you provide to Pivotal under 
this Agreement.
(c) Restrictions.  Licensee shall not disclose, provide, or disseminate in 
any manner the Beta Software (including the Documentation) or Confidential 
Information to any third party, including but not limited to its partners, 
affiliates or subsidiaries.  Except to the extent contrary to any applicable 
laws, Licensee will not, and will not permit any third party to, sublicense, 
rent, copy, modify, create derivative works of, translate, reverse engineer, 
decompile, disassemble, or otherwise reduce to human perceivable form any 
portion of the Beta Software or accompanying Documentation.  Without limiting 
the generality of the foregoing, Licensee shall not use the Beta Software in 
a production environment, for Licensee's product development or any other 
commercial purpose, including, but not limited to sales or marketing 
activities, except as expressly permitted in this Agreement.  The Beta 
Software and all performance data and test results, including without 
limitation, benchmark test results (collectively "Performance Data"), 
relating to the Beta Software are the Confidential Information of Pivotal, 
and will be treated in accordance with the terms of Section 4 of this 
Agreement.  Accordingly, Licensee shall not publish or disclose to any third 
party any Performance Data relating to the Beta Software.  

(d) Ownership.  Pivotal and its respective licensors shall own and retain all 
right, title and interest in and to the Intellectual Property Rights in the 
Beta Software and any derivative works thereof, subject only to the limited 
license expressly set forth in Section 2(a) hereof.  Licensee does not 
acquire any other rights, express or implied, in the Beta Software.  ALL 
RIGHTS NOT EXPRESSLY GRANTED HEREUNDER ARE RESERVED TO PIVOTAL. 
(e) No Support Services.  Pivotal is under no obligation to support the Beta 
Software in any manner or to provide any Updates to Licensee.  In the event 
Pivotal, in its sole discretion, supplies any Update to Licensee, the Update 
shall be deemed Beta Software under this Agreement and shall be subject to 
the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
(f) Free/Open Source Software.  Except Sections 5, 6, and 7, the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement shall not apply to any Free/Open Source Software 
accompanying the Beta Software.  Any such Free/Open Source Software is 
provided under the terms of the applicable open source license agreement or 
copyright notice accompanying such Free/Open Source Software or included in 
the open source licenses file accompanying the Beta Software.  To the extent 
the license for any Free/Open Source Software requires Pivotal to make the 
corresponding source code and/or modifications (the "Source Files") available 
to you, you may obtain a copy of the applicable Source Files from Pivotal's 
website at http://www.pivotal.io/open-source or by sending a written 
request, with your name and address, to Pivotal at the address set forth in 
Section 9.  All such requests should clearly specify:  Free/Open Source 
Software - Source Files Request, Attention: General Counsel.  This offer to 
provide a copy of the Source Files is valid for three years from the date you 
acquired the Beta Software. 
       
3.  TERM AND TERMINATION.  Unless otherwise terminated as specified under 
this Agreement, Licensee's rights with respect to the Beta Software will 
terminate upon the earlier of (a) Pivotal's initial generally available 
release of the Beta Software, (b) automatic expiration of the Beta Software 
based on the system date, (c) the end date of the Beta Software test period 
as communicated to you upon receipt of the Beta Software or (d) six months 
from Licensee's receipt of the Beta Software.  Either party may terminate 
this Agreement at any time for any reason or no reason by providing the other 
party advance written notice thereof.  Pivotal does not commit, promise, or 
agree to finally release and/or offer for sale the Beta Software, whether or 
not perfected.  Pivotal reserves the right to unilaterally cease and abandon 
the Beta Software at any time without any obligation or liability whatsoever. 
 Licensee agrees that this Agreement will automatically terminate without 
notice in the event Licensee discloses the Beta Software in breach of Section 
4 (Confidentiality) below.  Upon any expiration or termination of this 
Agreement, the rights and licenses granted to Licensee under this Agreement 
shall immediately terminate, and Licensee shall immediately cease using, and 
will destroy or render practically inaccessible the Beta Software, 
Documentation, and all other tangible items in Licensee's possession or 
control that contain Confidential Information.  The rights and obligations of 
the parties set forth in Sections 2(b), 2(c), 2(d), 2(e), 2(f), 2(g), 3, 4, 
5, 6, 7 and 8 survive termination or expiration of this Agreement for any 
reason.  

4.  CONFIDENTIALITY.  
(a) Confidential Information.  "Confidential Information" shall mean the Beta 
Software, all information regarding the Beta Software (including any trade 
secrets, know-how, inventions, techniques, processes, and algorithms embodied 
in the Beta Software), Documentation, Performance Data, any Updates, Pivotal 
products, product roadmaps, and other technical, business, financial and 
product development plans, forecasts and strategies, and other information 
provided by Pivotal to Licensee under this Agreement, whether disclosed 
orally, in writing, or by examination or inspection.  If Licensee wishes to 
disclose to Pivotal any information under this Agreement that Licensee 
considers proprietary or confidential to Licensee ("Licensee Information"), 
then Licensee agrees such disclose will be governed by a separate 
non-disclosure agreement ("NDA") by and between the parties.  
(b) Exceptions. Confidential Information excludes information that Licensee 
can demonstrate: (i) was already known to Licensee, other than under an 
obligation of confidentiality, at the time of disclosure; (ii) was generally 
available in the public domain at the time of disclosure to Licensee; (iii) 
became generally available in the public domain after disclosure other than 
through any act or omission of Licensee; (iv) was subsequently lawfully 
disclosed to Licensee by a third party without any obligation of 
confidentiality; or (v) was independently developed by Licensee without use 
of or reference to any information or materials disclosed by Pivotal or its 
suppliers.
(c) Non-use and Non-disclosure.  Licensee shall not use any Confidential 
Information for any purpose other than as expressly authorized under this 
Agreement.  In no event shall Licensee use the Beta Software or any 
Confidential Information to develop, manufacture, market, sell, or distribute 
any product or service, including any Pivotal products except as expressly 
set forth in this Agreement.  Licensee shall not disclose any Confidential 
Information to any third party.  If Licensee is required to disclose 
Confidential Information by applicable law or court order, Licensee shall 
notify Pivotal of the required disclosure promptly in writing and shall 
cooperate with Pivotal in any lawful action to contest or limit the scope of 
the required disclosure.  
(d) Maintenance of Confidentiality.  Without limiting the foregoing, Licensee 
shall use at least the same degree of care that it uses to prevent the 
disclosure of its own confidential information of like importance, but in no 
event less than reasonable care, to prevent the disclosure of such 
Confidential Information.

5.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  IT IS UNDERSTOOD THAT THE BETA SOFTWARE IS 
PROVIDED WITHOUT CHARGE FOR THE PURPOSES EXPRESSLY PERMITTED UNDER THIS 
AGREEMENT.  ACCORDINGLY, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, BUT SUBJECT 
ALWAYS TO THIS SECTION 5, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF PIVOTAL AND ITS LICENSORS 
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED $1.00.  TO THE 
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL PIVOTAL OR ITS LICENSORS 
HAVE LIABILITY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL 
DAMAGES OR DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR 
LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY 
(INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, TORT, STATUTE, CONTRACT OR OTHER), EVEN IF 
PIVOTAL AND ITS LICENSORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH 
DAMAGES.  THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF 
ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.  THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE 
VARIOUS CONSIDERATIONS DUE TO PIVOTAL IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS 
AGREEMENT WERE TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT IN DETERMINING THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 5. LICENSEE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THIS LIMITATION 
IS AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT PIVOTAL WOULD NOT ENTER 
INTO THIS AGREEMENT WITHOUT THESE LIMITATIONS ON ITS LIABILITY.

6.  WARRANTY DISCLAIMER.  IT IS UNDERSTOOD THAT THE BETA SOFTWARE, OPEN 
SOURCE SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION, AND ANY UPDATES MAY CONTAIN ERRORS AND ARE 
PROVIDED FOR THE PURPOSES EXPRESSLY PERMITTED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.  TO THE 
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, AND SUBJECT TO SECTION 5, THE BETA SOFTWARE, 
THE OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE, THE DOCUMENTATION, AND ANY UPDATES ARE PROVIDED "AS 
IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR 
OTHERWISE.  TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, AND SUBJECT TO SECTION 5, 
PIVOTAL AND ITS LICENSORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  
Licensee acknowledges that Pivotal has not publicly announced the 
availability of the Beta Software, that such Beta Software may contain 
features currently under development, that Pivotal has not promised or 
guaranteed to Licensee that such Beta Software will be announced or made 
available to anyone in the future, that Pivotal has no express or implied 
obligation to Licensee to announce or introduce the Beta Software, that 
Pivotal may not introduce a product similar to or compatible with the Beta 
Software, and that any version number (if any) referenced is subject to 
change and does not in any way represent Pivotal's commitment to release any 
product in the future. Accordingly, Licensee acknowledges that any research 
or development that it performs regarding the Beta Software or any product 
associated with the Beta Software is done entirely at Licensee's own risk.  
Specifically, the Beta Software may contain features, functionality or 
modules that may not be included in the generally available commercial 
version of the Beta Software, if released, or that will be marketed 
separately for additional fees.

7.  OTHER PROVISIONS
       (a) Governing Law, Injunctive Relief and Legal Costs.  
(i) Choice of Law. This Agreement and any dispute arising out of or related 
to this Agreement or the Beta Software ("Dispute") will be governed by 
California law, without regard to its choice of law principles.  The United 
Nations Convention for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply.
(ii) Injunctive Relief.  Either party may, at its sole discretion, seek 
preliminary judicial relief in any court of competent jurisdiction 
(including, but not limited to, preliminary injunctive relief). Also, the 
provisions of this Section 7 (a) may be enforced by any court of competent 
jurisdiction.
 (b) Export Regulations.  The Beta Software is of United States origin and is 
provided subject to the U.S. Export Administration Regulations.  Diversion 
contrary to U.S. law is prohibited.  Without limiting the foregoing, you 
agree that (1) you are not, and are not acting on behalf of, any person who 
is a citizen, national, or resident of, or who is controlled by the 
government of, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, or Syria, or any other country 
to which the United States has prohibited export transactions; (2) you are 
not, and are not acting on behalf of, any person or entity listed on the U.S. 
Treasury Department list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked 
Persons, or the U.S. Commerce Department Denied Persons List or Entity List; 
and (3) you will not use the Beta Software for, and will not permit the Beta 
Software to be used for, any purposes prohibited by law, including, without 
limitation, for any prohibited development, design, manufacture or production 
of missiles or nuclear, chemical or biological weapons.  For more information 
on U.S. Export Control Classification Numbers (ECCN's), please contact 
Pivotal at the address specified in Section 9.  All such requests should 
clearly specify:  Export Control Classification Numbers, Attention: General 
Counsel.    
(c) Modification.  This is the entire agreement between the parties relating 
to the subject matter hereof and to the fullest extent permitted by law, all 
other terms, representations, negotiations, arrangements or understandings 
are rejected.  This Agreement supersedes and replaces any other agreements, 
representations, negotiations, arrangements or understandings between the 
parties and Licensee hereby waives any form requirements that may be 
contained in previous agreements and agrees that this Agreement shall take 
precedent with respect to its subject matter.  No party has entered into this 
Agreement relying on any representations made by or on behalf of the other, 
other than those expressly made in this Agreement.  No waiver or modification 
of this Agreement shall be valid unless in writing signed by each party.  
(d) Language of Contract.  The parties have required that this Agreement and 
all documents relating thereto be drawn up in English.  
(e) Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, 
invalid or unenforceable, the provision will be enforced to the maximum 
extent permissible so as to effect the intent of the parties, and the 
remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect.  

       (f) Waivers.   Any waiver of these terms must be in writing and signed 
by the waiving party to be effective. 
       
       (g) Data Collection and Privacy.  
       
(i) Consent for Collection of Technical Data.  You agree that Pivotal may 
periodically collect, process and store technical and related information 
about your device, system, application, peripherals and your use of the Beta 
Software, including without limitation: internet protocol address, hardware 
identification, operating system, application software, peripheral hardware, 
number of active plugins and software development kits, the successful 
installation and launch of Beta Software, and Beta Software usage statistics 
(collectively, "Technical Data").

(ii) Use of Technical Data.  Pivotal will use Technical Data for internal 
statistical and analytical purposes to facilitate support, invoicing or 
online services, the provisioning of updates, and the development of Pivotal 
products and services. Pivotal may provide prospective customers or business 
partners with information related to the testing of the Beta Software but 
will not identify Licensee's name without prior written permission from 
Licensee.  Use and publication of test data is at the sole discretion and 
control of Pivotal.

(iii) Log Files. You acknowledge that correspondence and log files generated 
in conjunction with a request for support services may contain sensitive, 
confidential or personal information. You are solely responsible for taking 
the steps necessary to protect such data, including obfuscating the logs or 
otherwise guarding such information prior to sending it to Pivotal.

(h) Independent Parties.  The parties are independent.  Nothing in this 
Agreement shall be construed to create a 
       partnership,  joint venture, contractor, or agency relationship 
between the parties.  

       
8.  ASSIGNMENT.  Licensee shall not and cannot assign this Agreement or any 
rights or obligations hereunder, directly or indirectly, by operation of law, 
merger, acquisition of stock or assets, or otherwise without the prior 
written consent of Pivotal.   Any attempted assignment or transfer in 
violation of the foregoing will be null and void.  Subject to the foregoing, 
this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties 
and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

9.  CONTACT INFORMATION.  If you have any questions about this Agreement, 
please direct all correspondence to: GoPivotal, Inc., 1900 S. Norfolk Street 
#125, San Mateo, CA 94403, United States of America.  Pivotal is a trademark 
of GoPivotal, Inc. and is registered in the U.S. and numerous other 
countries. 






















Page 4 of 5

991102-1

